SQ-903: Audit DivBase with Claude (#94)
ScilifelabDataCentre/divbase: docs/index.md

## Want to access DivBase?

- **Join an existing project:** Create an account at the [DivBase web interface](https://divbase.scilifelab-2-prod.sys.kth.se){:target="_blank"} and ask the project manager to add you (tell them the email you used to sign up with).
- **Start your own project:** contact us at [dsn-eb@scilifelab.se](mailto:dsn-eb@scilifelab.se).

## Key Features

![Overview of DivBase Features](assets/img/divbase_key_feats_light.webp#only-light)
![Overview of DivBase Features](assets/img/divbase_key_feats_dark.webp#only-dark)

## Why use DivBase?

- A **single, centralised store** of your project's variant data and metadata.
- Easy to **collaborate and share data** with your colleagues and collaborators - and **control who has access** to what.
- Queries are run on **all (or a subset of your choosing) VCF files** stored in the project.
- Possible to **filter both on variant data and sample metadata** in the same query.
- You can use **DivBase programmatically** in for example **pipelines/HPC jobs**.
- Files are **versioned and backed up**.

> - You can **version/checkpoint the state of your project's files** to refer back to at a later date - **making your research more easily reproducible**.

Reviewer: Great reasons! I suggest starting each bullet with a verb to make it imperative:

```suggestion
DivBase allows you to: 

- **Store all your variant data and metadata in one place** - a single, centralised store for all VCF files and sample metadata from your research project.
- **Collaborate and share data** with colleagues and collaborators, with full **control over who has access** to what.
- **Query across all your VCF files at once**, or narrow down to a subset of your choosing.
- **Filter on variant data and sample metadata in the same query** - no need to join results from separate systems.
- **Integrate the system into your pipelines and HPC jobs** - use DivBase programmatically wherever your workflow needs it.
- **Keep all files under version control and backed up**.
- **Checkpoint the state of your project's files** to refer back to at a later date - **making your research more easily reproducible**.
```

Author: Thanks, these are nice improvements, I added them here and in the README in commit c4109802186decd33741a513d45d9b7b3424db48
